Don't rush
Daughter, are you going to kill again?
cautious
I didn't. This time, you have to believe me.
Be careful to believe your lies
This time I saw you with my own eyes
What else is there to quibble about?
I didn't mean to hurt anyone
It was Xia Yunchu who directed and acted again and again
Your Majesty, your vicious freedom even scares us
Master, put the young lady in the basement
No, no withdrawal is allowed.
Master, the basement is dirty and cold
Let the lady's body suffer?
Don't make me a vice court
He dares to kill
What else can't get out of Jinshan?
Let me explain.
Don't let your dirty hands touch me
You say
Between me and Xia Yunchu
You know every time you choose
Be lucky
Hurry up!
Hey, why change the doctor?
The whole hospital can do this surgery
Only me monday
And your lover is in danger
What lover?
Keep your mouth clean
Am I wrong?
It's so good to have Xiaoyan
Know to cherish
After all, Dr. Zhou is still thinking about his wife
Too bad he was dead on me
Don't be complacent
Just wait, no accident
Xiaoyan will soon file for divorce from you
Pardon me?
Aren't you his husband?
Go home and ask yourself
No, no, wake up.